It's my fault.
Daughter-in-law, he is wood.
I don't know how to hurt people
She took him away.
You did wrong.
Have a grandmother who loves you.
What if he dares to bully you?
Tell me, my friend.
You also say it's unreasonable.
Grandma, you are so cute.
I will definitely come more often to be with you in the future.
Good night.
During those years he was very good to me.
As soon as she got married, she already knew she was like her husband.
Hey girl.
How old are you?
Whose daughter is she?
I am 25 years old, I am Bang Dien Group.
Don't be sad in front of grandma
He is not a passerby.
Just one
Grandma.
Even though he came from a poor background
But leaving delivery hits the staff to make money.
He tries very hard.
Like a small sun
You will deliver.
Girl, you've been so tough.
But let's marry into a rich family.
No need to worry about money anymore.
I give you a bracelet of 300 million.
Three hundred million bracelets
Don't you also lie?